papa
you
okay let's pick up your shopping basket
and let's go find some other toys aren't
you so excited
what are you looking for Maddie yeah
do you think do you think that's what
grandma and Papa would have got for you
oh maybe
you
do you have too many gifts in your
basket see why did grandma and Papa give
you so much money because why oh because
you love them you do
it's so heavy
can you lift it whoo
you
hey Maddie is that fun you know that's
four that's four that's four sledding
down a hill would not be fun okay me too
hey what you got there Wow can I see
oh you are what are you gonna build a
house would you let grandma and Papa
come visit you in the house
you
what's in it though whoa are those
princesses that would be fun huh okay do
you know who you need
you
hi Maddie
Maddie what do you have
who's going to buy it for you
we happy
you